# Kron Cohort 77 Differential Expression Analysis

This repository contains all code used for the preparation and analysis of RNA sequencing data from an RNA sequencing time series experiment on *Aplysia californica* sensory neurons in the lab of Dr. Lynne Fieber at the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science.  This repository consists mainly of the R project hierarchy and associated files and scripts used for during this analysis, with inclusion of BASH scripts used raw read processing, cleaning, and mapping-quantification steps on a HPC cluster.


The associated publication can be found here:  
Kron NS, Schmale MC and Fieber LA (2020) *Changes in Metabolism and Proteostasis Drive Aging Phenotype in Aplysia californica Sensory Neurons*. Front. Aging Neurosci. 12:573764. doi: 10.3389/fnagi.2020.573764

Author: Nicholas Kron - n.kron@umiami.edu  
Maintainer: Nicholas Kron - n.kron@umiami.edu  

## File hierarchy overview:
data -- : directory for data used in downstream R analysis  
      |  
      --annotation_data : raw annotation files for building annotation objects in R for downstream analysis  
      |  
      --metadata : metadata on animals, RNA extractions, and samples used in downstream R analysis  
      |  
      --r_data : destination for storage of intermediate R data. (not presents as listed in the gitignore file)  
      |  
      --salmon_files : destination for abundance estimates generated by the linux program salmon. (not presents as listed in the gitignore file)  
figures -- : destination for figure output of R analysis  
results -- : destination for results files of R analysis  
scripts -- : scripts used for data analysis in this study  
         |  
         -- bash : BASH scripts used for raw read processing, cleaning, and mapping-quantification steps before R analysis. Scripts are written to run on the University of Miami's HPC cluster PEGASUS and will need to be modified to run on other systems.  
